# Animal Explorer: Software Engineering Extra Credit

Here's a better about me page than the about me option (I hate printing paragraphs). 

## TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1. [Design Pattern](#pattern)
2. [What it does](#desc)
3. [Why use Prototpye?](#why)
4. [Additional Information](#add)


<a name = "pattern"></a>
## Design Pattern: 
  
  I used the Prototpye Design Pattern. 

<a name = "desc"></a>
## What it does: 
  
  My program is a very simple game called AnimalExplorer. Essentially, the user has a list of terrains to explore. 
  Depending on the area, the type of animal you see will either be Aquatic or Land. These animals are generated by the AnimalRegistry. 
  After the animal is generated, the client has the option to make simple modifications to the animal (In the example, the game changes the name each instance. 
  SIDE NOTE: I only put in a couple of names that the game cycles through out of laziness.)
 
<a name = "why"></a>
## Why use Prototype? 
  
  Using protype makes it easier for the game to generate an animal. Instead of having to have to generate a specific instance each time an animal is generated, 
  the game only needs to call the registry to generate an animal and the registry creates a generic animal based off location. It also makes it easier to change 
  the structure at any time. If you want to create multiple types of Land Animals, it will be much easier to just add a new class and add it to the registry, instead
  of going through and changing all constructor calls if the Prototype method was not used.


<a name = "add"></a>
## Additional Information

  To see content that I referenced go to the docs folder. I referenced one link and the textbook diagram for creating this project. 
